apps/docs/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat (docs): revamp -> swap to fumadoc (#759)
* docs revamp

* more text

* fix lint and typecheck

apps/docs/README.md, after:

# docs

This is a Next.js application generated with
[Create Fumadocs](https://github.com/fuma-nama/fumadocs).

Run development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open http://localhost:3000 with your browser to see the result.

## Explore

In the project, you can see:

- `lib/source.ts`: Code for content source adapter, [`loader()`](https://fumadocs.dev/docs/headless/source-api) provides the interface to access your content.
- `lib/layout.shared.tsx`: Shared options for layouts, optional but preferred to keep.

| Route                     | Description                                            |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| `app/(home)`              | The route group for your landing page and other pages. |
| `app/docs`                | The documentation layout and pages.                    |
| `app/api/search/route.ts` | The Route Handler for search.                          |

### Fumadocs MDX

A `source.config.ts` config file has been included, you can customise different options like frontmatter schema.

Read the [Introduction](https://fumadocs.dev/docs/mdx) for further details.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js and Fumadocs, take a look at the following
resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js
  features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.
- [Fumadocs](https://fumadocs.dev) - learn about Fumadocs
